Uncle, this is a decision made by the elders
Even if you want to cancel the engagement
Uncle has the final say when he comes
This kid is the new object of your shop goodnight
No, I'm getting married just now
Qidong is right
Although our Lu family does not avoid your country
It's a matter of the three great families
But we are also the richest man in Dragon City
If this marriage is reborn, you can return it if you say you return it.
So I should have married
The emperor who is the head of the three great families
Not someone who can stay in bed
Like Let's Go
Matchmaker, what are you doing?
Don't you think it doesn't have a hairpin, does it?
I should call you Miss Lu
Or the hard customer who made the luxury 1 billion at the auction last night